So I guess some people will ask me about why I took 19 days to update Jeanne 
when the bot needed immediate fixes on some commands. I have been planning to 
do that however there were a lot of backlogs that delayed it. I will explain 
that later but now, its FAQ time before I will be asked the same questions over and over.

QUESTION: I used the mute command but Jeanne didn't mute the member?
ANSWER: There is no mute role called "Muted" created in your server. You have 
to make one and name it "Muted" or use the 'muterole' command that I have 
created so Jeanne can make the mute role and she will automatically recognise 
it as long as it is named "Muted". You can adjust it if you want but do not 
change the name until further notice (as if now, I haven't created a database 
in case someone wants to assign a mute role but in a different name.)

QUESTION: Why is there only one utility command?
ANSWER: For now, weather will be the only command for the utility module as I 
have made it before for someone who wanted a custom bot so it was bit of a 
copy and paste thing but with a bit of adjustment. I have thought of other 
commands for the module but time was not on my side.

QUESTION: Why can I no longer do outside bans with the slash ban command and 
there is no slash unban command?
ANSWER: While testing the outside bans with the slash ban command and unbanning 
the user with a slash unban command, I recieved an error message from the 
console mentioning 'passed ID' or something similar to it and the user is not 
banned or unbanned from the server. Only the prefixed ban and unban command 
works.

QUESTION: Eww... WatchBot... why?
ANSWER: I might be expectng that reaction. Jeanne uses the Heroku VPS and the 
original uptime that she had resets almost every 24 hours. I thought it would be 
better if I use WatchBot to record her uptime in the past 90 days. Up to now, 
she had a 99.99% uptime recorded by the bot (I messed up somewhere before).

QUESTION: Eww... Heroku... why?
ANSWER: I do not have the required funds to pay for a proper VPS such as
Digital Ocean and Afrihost. Of course, $7 is cheap but convert that to
South African Rands.

QUESTION: I am in the servers that you use all the commands from the images 
module. Why?
ANSWER: I am checking to see if any kind of lewd or NSFW image will be passed. 
The commands are using the Nekos.life, Yande.re and Gelbooru APIs and they have 
a reputaton of returning lewd and NSFW images. I commit those commands almost 
every day and if one of the commands returns a very lewd or NSFW image, the 
command will be marked NSFW. If I do hear that the command has done that 
(either from a user or from Top.gg or DiscordBots), I will still take action as 
I am responsible for using 3rd party APIs. If I do hear that it is returning 
lewded lolis, I will remove the command. Up to now, some commands almost 
but not entirely crossed the borderlines of NSFW.

QUESTION: I added '02' as a tag for the yandere command but I got a 'blacklist 
message' but not from the gelbooru or danbooru command. Why?
ANSWER: I blacklisted that tag on the yandere command because it returned 
guro and extreme content that is not very safe. It is the only tag that has its 
own error message other than loli, ugly bastard or shota that have the same 
'blacklist' message. To be honest, I thought 02 would return the 02 character 
from Darling in the Franxx.

QUESTION: Why did it take you 19 days to update Jeanne?
ANSWER: There were a lot of backlogs that prevented me to work on Jeanne or do 
minor fixes. I have planned to complete it in less than 3 days. However, it 
took almost 7 times longer. 

The 1st backlog was my workplace. I spend 7 to 8 hours per day working but 
most of the time, it gets quiet to I can do some random stuff whle waiting 
for customers. The past 19 days showed a lot of activity at work that I 
barely had time to rest (such as people looking around and assisting them, 
being extra vigilant as there are loiters checking the shop 
and waiting for an opening to steal something). This has happened after the 
opening of SAYouth posts and SARS tax registering. You might think that is very 
easy to do, right? Wrong! Most of the time, customers take almost 3 to 7 
minutes looking around in the shop and I have to stand by the door and watch if 
they are taking something, they make irrational changes while I am working on 
their CVs or letters which forces me to retype sometimes the whole thing, 
missing documents for the SAYouth or SARS, harassed by many customers for 'bad 
service' on their SARS registration (first, SARS is owned by the government. I 
do not work with them in any way or form. Second, if they are missing the 
required documents, then they will not qualify for the registration and they 
will go mad or talk senselessly not understand that they are missing something) 
and most of them threatened to get me fired for lying about that there is no 
jobs in my workplace (there is not enough money to hire another person as it is 
just only me, my boss and his wife in this area).

The 2nd backlog is exams. I am on my 3rd year about to go to my 4th year and 
exams has been putting a toll on me. Although I am almost done, my exams are 
about almost 3 months long. Each paper is about 2 to 4 hours long except one 
which I finished that had a 24 hour time limit. During that time of exams, I 
might lose focus on fixing Jeanne yet I was aware of the faults.

The 3rd backlog is Sunday. Sunday is my free day... from work, not house work. 
Every Sunday, I am told to do this, do that, paint this, cut this, go out to 
town and buy this and when its done, I usually play games to finally catch a 
breather. This is the only day of the week that I wish I have a full break but 
there is always something that I would be told to do.

The 4th backlog and this is the worse enemy of South Africa including myself, 
loadshedding. Loadshedding is very familiar here since late 2008. It involves 
schedule blackouts that would last about +/- 6 hours per day depending on 
the stage it is set on. Now at this year, internet connect gets knocked out 
whenever loadshedding starts and without it, it would be impossible to test the 
fixes and new commands and I mostly do them on a PC. Even though  have a 
notebook, again, same story. There are some cases that the area should be 
having power back after the time of loadshedding ends. However, it could go from 
2 hours, to almost 10 hours which is the worst case scenario that could happen.

QUESTION: Why is purge now a slash only command?
ANSWER: The prefixed command was in a nutcase and was difficult to execute. I
have revoked the prefixed command as it works perfectly okay with the slash 
command.

QUESTION: Do you care about your reputation in Discord? Like, I have heard that 
you were falsely reported multiple times.
ANSWER: Personally, I don't give 2 shits about my reputation. But as a bot 
developer of Jeanne, I have to protect her reputation as someone accused her 
of being a raid/nuke bot. So keep damaging my reputation as much as you like
but I will be defending Jeanne to protect her image.

QUESTION: When will the levelling system come?
ANSWER: When I properly implement a database, then I will work on it.

QUESTION: When will the currency system come?
ANSWER: Same reason with implementing the levelling system.

QUESTION: When will the welcoming and leave system will come?
ANSWER: Will you keep quiet?

QUESTION: When will the modlog system come?
ANSWER: Shut

QUESTION: Why are you still using discord.py when it will retire on April 2022?
You know that library doesn't have a slash command package, right?
ANSWER: I am aware of that and yes, I do know that it doesn't have a slash
package. But I am using the unstable packages that might continue Jeanne's
lifetime in Discord as she has the dpy-interactions package installed. But 
there would be a time when I will use discord.js for Jeanne in the nearby future.

QUESTION: You know there is PyCord, right?
ANSWER: Yes, I know a forked version of discord.py called PyCord exists. But here
is the problem. There are 2 PyCords (forked discord.py and the development version)
and the developer of the package stated that the discord.py needs to be uninstalled
and when installing it on the main py, just put 'import discord'. Heroku will
install both the PyCord and discord.py, even if I make it ignore the discord.py
package and the VPS doesn't recognise the Development PyCord Package. Of course
its good that the official package has been forked but not in that way.

QUESTION: Why can you selfhost Jeanne?
ANSWER: With my 10 year old PC, loadshedding and internet gets knocked during
loadshedding? No.
